- when shopping online, LC's customers would like to be provided with an up to date catalogue, which reflects all of the products LC sell, as well as any current promotions. 
- customers would prefer to be able to be able to search for products by varying identifiers, such as name and brand as well having various filter options like price and promotions.
- upon searching for a product, a customer should be presented with results that display a thumbnail of the relevant products as well as a brief description of each.
- Customers who are not account customers cannot order a quantity of more than 5 for an item that is on promotion.
-  quantities of more than 5 on promotional products are reserved for account holders only
   (customers such as contractors etc).

- All customers are required to create a profile on the system before placing an order.
- To create a profile, a customer will need to provide a username and a strong password, where the password must be at least 8 characters in length and contain a combination of numbers and letters
- Other details will need to be provided such as the customer’s preferred payment method, as well a their shipping address.
- The internet ordering system should have accessibility features, such as the ability to increase font size and contrast for people with vision impairment. This helps to ensure that the system is accessible to as many people as possible.
- The internet ordering system may be used on different operating systems, such a mobile platforms and conventional desktop environments. Furthermore, the system should function on any web browser,
  such as Chrome, Safari and Firefox to name a few.
